# Talent Protocol Public Docs

## How to Update Docs

You'll need to have a `.env` file with a `TALENT_PROTOCOL_API_KEY` as access to the Talent Protocol API is required to auto-generate some of the documentation. Any working key will work, you can grab one from our [developer page](https://app.talentprotocol.com/developers).

### Data Points

The data points pages are updated automatically. Whenever a new data point is published (process that takes place in the `talent-api` repository), the pages here are updated automatically.

There is only one document that you might want to change: [docs/data-points/_category_.json](./docs/data-points/_category_.json).
But is very unlikely. And the most likely to change would be the `position` property.

### API Docs

The API documentation pages are updated automatically too. Whenever a new version of the API is published (process that takes place in the `talent-api` repository), this set of documentation pages are automatically updated.

Again, a file that you might want to change, although unlikely, is [docs/talent-api/api-reference/_category_.json](./docs/talent-api/api-reference/_category_.json). The `position` property value determines the position of the API docs in the sidebar.

### Rest of the Docs (non-autogenerated)

1. Do your changes to any `*.mdx` file or create a new one.
2. Inspect locally by running `npm run start`. While you continue making changes to the pages your local browser will reflect these changes immediately.
3. **Important** As soon as you are ready, try `npm build` to see whether documentation site is built successfully locally. This will also find any broken links that may exist to the generated documents. Build will fail and deployment will not be possible if there are broken links.
4. If `npm build` succeeds, try `npm run serve` to see how documentation site is served from the `build` folder.
5. As soon as you are happy, commit and create a PR.
6. Make sure that PR action builds successfully.
7. Merge the PR. As soon as you merge, online documentation will be updated automatically, thanks to the corresponding GitHub Actions Workflow.

## Cloudflare

There are some Page Rules defined in Cloudflare to support some redirections for the public docs. Visit them to understand what they do.
