docs/protocol-concepts/scoring-systems/builder-score/index.mdx, before:

# Builder Rank

=============

A ranking system to recognize real onchain builders.

## What is Builder Rank?

Builder Rank is a ranking system that represents a user's reputation as an onchain builder based on verified activity and impact.

Builder Rank aims to distinguish builders from other types of crypto users, by valuing both the quantity and quality of their contributions. It reflects both "potential" (future growth) and "achievements" (proven track record).

Users can leverage their Builder Rank within Talent's growing partner ecosystem, while developers can easily add Builder Rank to their apps.

Apps like [Basenames](https://x.com/TalentProtocol/status/1825995151275434439) or [Etherscan](https://x.com/TalentProtocol/status/1830974248363622607) already integrate with Builder Rank to bring more context to their users and to curate the best builders in crypto.

## The "Builder Rank" Framework

All Talent ranking systems are composed of a selection of [Data Points](/docs/protocol-concepts/data-point). While we don't disclose the exact formula to prevent gaming, we can share that each Data Point is evaluated based on:

1.  value conversion (when applicable)
2.  signal strength
3.  max score
4.  multiplier (not publicly disclosed)

### 1. Value Conversion

For some Data Points it's helpful to normalized their numerical value before applying the ranking algorithm, but this is an optional step.

Examples:

- Convert `twitter_account_age` from a `timestamp` to the `number of years` the account has.
- Normalize `base_out_transactions` with a `sqrt` function to reduce the impact of large values, making the ranking system more balanced and fair, and ensuring big contributors don't completely overpower smaller ones. This means that your first contributions matter more than later ones.
- Invert `farcaster_social_capital_rank` value, so that the #1 ranked user has a higher value (and more points) than the last ranked user.

### 2. Signal Strength

Defines how strongly a given data point proves that the user is a real builder, and can have 3 possible values: `weak`, `medium`, `strong.`

Examples:

- Winning a ETHGlobal hackathon is a strong signal that someone is a real builder.
- Simply having a GitHub account is a weak signal that someone is a real builder.

### 3. Max Score

Defines the maximum amount of points each Data Point can contribute to the overall ranking calculation. We use the signal strength to help define the max score of each Data Point:

- strong (up to 40 points)
- medium (up to 20 points)
- weak ( to 8 points)

The mapping between signal strength and max score is just a framework for human decision, not enforced at the code level.

### 4. Multiplier

In the Builder Rank algorithm, we use multipliers to convert the numerical value of a Data Point into a score measured in "points." These multipliers help standardize very different scales of Data Point values into a consistent scoring system that feeds into the final ranking.

Although we don't disclose the exact multipliers used for each Data Point, users can understand the relative importance of each Data Point through the signal strength and max score values we provide.

<details>
  <summary id="examples">Examples</summary>

- Data Point: Base Contracts Deployed (Mainnet)
  - Value: 7 (number of contracts deployed)
  - Multiplier: 0.2
  - Max Score: 2
  - Points: 1.4 (7\*0.2)
- Data Point: GitHub Total Contributions
  - Value: 1734
  - Multiplier: 0.001
  - Max Score: 15
  - Points: 1.734 (1734\*0.001)

</details>

:::warning

Builder Rank is still experimental, so expect regular updates to the ranking algorithm.

:::

## Transparency and Formula Disclosure

At Talent, we believe in transparency while maintaining the integrity of our ranking system. We disclose the general framework of our Builder Rank calculation, including:

- The Data Points we consider relevant
- The signal strength classification for each Data Point
- The maximum score potential for each Data Point

However, to prevent gaming or artificial optimization of the system, we do not publicly disclose:

- Specific multipliers for each Data Point
- Exact conversion functions applied to normalize values
- Detailed thresholds for achieving maximum scores

This approach allows us to maintain the integrity of Builder Rank while still providing users with clear guidance on how to improve their ranking through genuine contributions.

## Summary

Builder Rank represents 3 core decisions:

1.  What Data Points are relevant to assess the reputation of a builder.
2.  How strongly does each Data Point signal that the user is a real builder.
3.  What should be the multiplier to convert each Data Point value into points for the ranking algorithm.

The ranking algorithm calculates positions based on verified contributions across key data points.

Builder Rank doesn't have a maximum cap, so rankings are likely to evolve over time as we add more integrations and possible credentials to the protocol.

Commit message:

docs: clarify that ranks are based on scores calculated from data points
Added explanation in the Builder Rank Framework section to show the
relationship: Data Points → Scores → Ranks

docs/protocol-concepts/scoring-systems/builder-score/index.mdx, after:

# Builder Rank

=============

A ranking system to recognize real onchain builders.

## What is Builder Rank?

Builder Rank is a ranking system that represents a user's reputation as an onchain builder based on verified activity and impact.

Builder Rank aims to distinguish builders from other types of crypto users, by valuing both the quantity and quality of their contributions. It reflects both "potential" (future growth) and "achievements" (proven track record).

Users can leverage their Builder Rank within Talent's growing partner ecosystem, while developers can easily add Builder Rank to their apps.

Apps like [Basenames](https://x.com/TalentProtocol/status/1825995151275434439) or [Etherscan](https://x.com/TalentProtocol/status/1830974248363622607) already integrate with Builder Rank to bring more context to their users and to curate the best builders in crypto.

## The "Builder Rank" Framework

Builder Rank is determined by your position relative to other builders based on an underlying score. This score is calculated from verified [Data Points](/docs/protocol-concepts/data-point) that measure your onchain activity and contributions.

**How it works:**
1. **Data Points** are collected from your connected accounts (GitHub contributions, onchain transactions, etc.)
2. **Scores** are calculated by evaluating each Data Point and converting them into points
3. **Ranks** are assigned based on your total score compared to all other builders in the ecosystem

While we don't disclose the exact formula to prevent gaming, we can share that each Data Point is evaluated based on:

1.  value conversion (when applicable)
2.  signal strength
3.  max score
4.  multiplier (not publicly disclosed)

### 1. Value Conversion

For some Data Points it's helpful to normalized their numerical value before applying the ranking algorithm, but this is an optional step.

Examples:

- Convert `twitter_account_age` from a `timestamp` to the `number of years` the account has.
- Normalize `base_out_transactions` with a `sqrt` function to reduce the impact of large values, making the ranking system more balanced and fair, and ensuring big contributors don't completely overpower smaller ones. This means that your first contributions matter more than later ones.
- Invert `farcaster_social_capital_rank` value, so that the #1 ranked user has a higher value (and more points) than the last ranked user.

### 2. Signal Strength

Defines how strongly a given data point proves that the user is a real builder, and can have 3 possible values: `weak`, `medium`, `strong.`

Examples:

- Winning a ETHGlobal hackathon is a strong signal that someone is a real builder.
- Simply having a GitHub account is a weak signal that someone is a real builder.

### 3. Max Score

Defines the maximum amount of points each Data Point can contribute to the overall ranking calculation. We use the signal strength to help define the max score of each Data Point:

- strong (up to 40 points)
- medium (up to 20 points)
- weak ( to 8 points)

The mapping between signal strength and max score is just a framework for human decision, not enforced at the code level.

### 4. Multiplier

In the Builder Rank algorithm, we use multipliers to convert the numerical value of a Data Point into a score measured in "points." These multipliers help standardize very different scales of Data Point values into a consistent scoring system that feeds into the final ranking.

Although we don't disclose the exact multipliers used for each Data Point, users can understand the relative importance of each Data Point through the signal strength and max score values we provide.

<details>
  <summary id="examples">Examples</summary>

- Data Point: Base Contracts Deployed (Mainnet)
  - Value: 7 (number of contracts deployed)
  - Multiplier: 0.2
  - Max Score: 2
  - Points: 1.4 (7\*0.2)
- Data Point: GitHub Total Contributions
  - Value: 1734
  - Multiplier: 0.001
  - Max Score: 15
  - Points: 1.734 (1734\*0.001)

</details>

:::warning

Builder Rank is still experimental, so expect regular updates to the ranking algorithm.

:::

## Transparency and Formula Disclosure

At Talent, we believe in transparency while maintaining the integrity of our ranking system. We disclose the general framework of our Builder Rank calculation, including:

- The Data Points we consider relevant
- The signal strength classification for each Data Point
- The maximum score potential for each Data Point

However, to prevent gaming or artificial optimization of the system, we do not publicly disclose:

- Specific multipliers for each Data Point
- Exact conversion functions applied to normalize values
- Detailed thresholds for achieving maximum scores

This approach allows us to maintain the integrity of Builder Rank while still providing users with clear guidance on how to improve their ranking through genuine contributions.

## Summary

Builder Rank represents 3 core decisions:

1.  What Data Points are relevant to assess the reputation of a builder.
2.  How strongly does each Data Point signal that the user is a real builder.
3.  What should be the multiplier to convert each Data Point value into points for the ranking algorithm.

The ranking algorithm calculates positions based on verified contributions across key data points.

Builder Rank doesn't have a maximum cap, so rankings are likely to evolve over time as we add more integrations and possible credentials to the protocol.
