docs/developers/talent-api/rate-limits.mdx, before:

---
---

# Rate Limits

Talent API is protected by two rate-limiting processes.

## API Key Rate Limits

- For free users, API usage is subject to 5,000 requests/month.

- Check more details about pricing [here](/docs/developers/api-pricing).

## IP Rate Limits

- Each IP address has a maximum of 25 requests in 10 seconds.

## Fair Use Policy

The following activities are prohibited:

- **Excessive Use**: Overuse of the API beyond the designated limits that impacts system performance or fairness for other users.
- **Automated Abuse**: Using scripts, bots, or automated tools to excessively query the API, harvest data, or engage in any behavior that could overload our systems.
- **Redistribution**: Reselling, sublicensing, or sharing your API Key with unauthorized third parties is strictly prohibited.
- **Data Misuse**: Manipulating, distorting, or misrepresenting the data obtained from our API, or using the data for illegal purposes.

## Inactivity Clause

- We reserve the right to **deactivate or cancel an API Key** if it has been inactive for more than **30 consecutive days**. Inactivity is defined as **no API requests** made during this period. If your API Key is deactivated due to inactivity, you may need to request a new key or contact support for reinstatement.

Commit message:

Remove pricing page on docs (#67)

docs/developers/talent-api/rate-limits.mdx, after:

---
---

# Rate Limits

Talent API is protected by two rate-limiting processes.

## API Key Rate Limits

- For free users, API usage is subject to 5,000 requests/month.

## IP Rate Limits

- Each IP address has a maximum of 25 requests in 10 seconds.

## Fair Use Policy

Unless explicit permission is given, the following activities are prohibited:

- **Excessive Use**: Overuse of the API beyond the designated limits that impacts system performance or fairness for other users.
- **Automated Abuse**: Using scripts, bots, or automated tools to excessively query the API, harvest data, or engage in any behavior that could overload our systems.
- **Redistribution**: Reselling, sublicensing, or sharing your API Key with unauthorized third parties is strictly prohibited.
- **Data Misuse**: Manipulating, distorting, or misrepresenting the data obtained from our API, or using the data for illegal purposes.

## Inactivity Clause

- We reserve the right to **deactivate or cancel an API Key** if it has been inactive for more than **30 consecutive days**. Inactivity is defined as **no API requests** made during this period. If your API Key is deactivated due to inactivity, you may need to request a new key or contact support for reinstatement.
