docs/protocol-concepts/account.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_position: 2
---

# Account

An Account represents a connection with a third-party data provider.

An **Account** represents a connection with a third-party entity (e.g., Wallet Address, GitHub, X, LinkedIn) that feeds reputation data into Talent. Accounts can exist independently or be linked to a user.

A [**User**](/docs/protocol-concepts/user) represents an individual that signed up on talentprotocol.com to verify their reputation data and increase their [Builder Score](/docs/protocol-concepts/scoring-systems/builder-score), by connecting multiple [**accounts**](/docs/protocol-concepts/account)**.**

## Key Attributes:

- **Accounts** have Account IDs (previously known as Passport ID) and account-specific URLs (until they're linked to a user), following this format:
  - `talentprotocol.com/address/0xbd…23d4`
  - `talentprotocol.com/github/filmacedo`
- If linked to a user, the account URL will automatically redirect to the user’s profile URL. Otherwise, it will show the data from that imported account independently.
- Once linked to a user, an account loses its independent profile and redirect to the user’s profile. The account also loses its [Builder Score](/docs/protocol-concepts/scoring-systems/builder-score), and its data feeds into the user’s aggregated reputation.
- Accounts display their own [Builder Score](/docs/protocol-concepts/scoring-systems/builder-score) unless linked to a user, at which point their data integrates into the user’s aggregated [Builder Score](/docs/protocol-concepts/scoring-systems/builder-score).
- Users can claim an imported account by verifying ownership (e.g., signing a wallet message, connecting GitHub).

## Types of Accounts:

- **Indexed Account**: All accounts being tracked by Talent, whether connected by users or imported automatically.

- **Imported Account**: Public accounts indexed directly by Talent, without any explicit user action, such as curated wallet addresses or public GitHub profiles.

- **Connected Account**: Accounts actively linked to a user’s profile and with verified ownership.

## Account Sources

Accounts can come from various sources:

- `wallet`: Cryptocurrency wallets (Ethereum, Base, etc.)
- `github`: GitHub developer accounts
- `farcaster`: Farcaster social accounts
- `lens`: Lens Protocol accounts
- `x_twitter`: Twitter/X accounts
- `linkedin`: Professional LinkedIn profiles
- `talent_protocol`: Native Talent accounts
- `worldcoin`: World ID verified accounts
- `self`: Self-verified information

## Account Properties

- `identifier`: The unique identifier on the source platform
- `source`: The platform or data provider (see Account Types)
- `owned_since`: When the account was first created
- `connected_at`: When the account was connected to Talent
- `username`: The user-friendly name on the source platform

## Account Relationship to Profiles

- An Account can exist independently with its own [Profile](/docs/protocol-concepts/profile)
- When claimed by a [User](/docs/protocol-concepts/user), the Account feeds data into the User's Profile
- Multiple Accounts from different sources can be connected to a single User Profile

## Accessing Account Data

[API](/docs/talent-api/api-reference) provides endpoints to:

- Retrieve accounts associated with a profile
- Search profiles by account identifiers
- Access data points sourced from specific accounts

Commit message:

feat: update Builder Score to Builder Ranks across documentation
- Update main Builder Score page to Builder Ranks framework
- Change Builder Score Levels to Builder Rank Tiers with percentile-based system
- Update tier names to match new ranking system (Novice, Apprentice, etc.)
- Update API documentation to clarify /score endpoint returns ranking data
- Update all protocol concept pages (Profile, Account, User, Event)
- Update scoring systems index to reference Builder Ranks
- Update sidebar category label from 'Builder Score' to 'Builder Ranks'
- Maintain technical references to internal scoring while emphasizing user-facing ranks

This change reflects the transition from a score-based system to a more
intuitive rank-based system, making it easier for users to understand their
position relative to other builders in the ecosystem.

docs/protocol-concepts/account.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_position: 2
---

# Account

An Account represents a connection with a third-party data provider.

An **Account** represents a connection with a third-party entity (e.g., Wallet Address, GitHub, X, LinkedIn) that feeds reputation data into Talent. Accounts can exist independently or be linked to a user.

A [**User**](/docs/protocol-concepts/user) represents an individual that signed up on talentprotocol.com to verify their reputation data and improve their [Builder Rank](/docs/protocol-concepts/scoring-systems/builder-score), by connecting multiple [**accounts**](/docs/protocol-concepts/account)**.**

## Key Attributes:

- **Accounts** have Account IDs (previously known as Passport ID) and account-specific URLs (until they're linked to a user), following this format:
  - `talentprotocol.com/address/0xbd…23d4`
  - `talentprotocol.com/github/filmacedo`
- If linked to a user, the account URL will automatically redirect to the user’s profile URL. Otherwise, it will show the data from that imported account independently.
- Once linked to a user, an account loses its independent profile and redirect to the user's profile. The account also loses its [Builder Rank](/docs/protocol-concepts/scoring-systems/builder-score), and its data feeds into the user's aggregated reputation.
- Accounts display their own [Builder Rank](/docs/protocol-concepts/scoring-systems/builder-score) unless linked to a user, at which point their data integrates into the user's aggregated [Builder Rank](/docs/protocol-concepts/scoring-systems/builder-score).
- Users can claim an imported account by verifying ownership (e.g., signing a wallet message, connecting GitHub).

## Types of Accounts:

- **Indexed Account**: All accounts being tracked by Talent, whether connected by users or imported automatically.

- **Imported Account**: Public accounts indexed directly by Talent, without any explicit user action, such as curated wallet addresses or public GitHub profiles.

- **Connected Account**: Accounts actively linked to a user’s profile and with verified ownership.

## Account Sources

Accounts can come from various sources:

- `wallet`: Cryptocurrency wallets (Ethereum, Base, etc.)
- `github`: GitHub developer accounts
- `farcaster`: Farcaster social accounts
- `lens`: Lens Protocol accounts
- `x_twitter`: Twitter/X accounts
- `linkedin`: Professional LinkedIn profiles
- `talent_protocol`: Native Talent accounts
- `worldcoin`: World ID verified accounts
- `self`: Self-verified information

## Account Properties

- `identifier`: The unique identifier on the source platform
- `source`: The platform or data provider (see Account Types)
- `owned_since`: When the account was first created
- `connected_at`: When the account was connected to Talent
- `username`: The user-friendly name on the source platform

## Account Relationship to Profiles

- An Account can exist independently with its own [Profile](/docs/protocol-concepts/profile)
- When claimed by a [User](/docs/protocol-concepts/user), the Account feeds data into the User's Profile
- Multiple Accounts from different sources can be connected to a single User Profile

## Accessing Account Data

[API](/docs/talent-api/api-reference) provides endpoints to:

- Retrieve accounts associated with a profile
- Search profiles by account identifiers
- Access data points sourced from specific accounts
