docs/get-started.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_position: 1
pagination_prev: null
slug: /
---

# Get Started

Talent helps builders get rewarded by making their reputation more visible.

We track builder activity across blockchains, GitHub, and other data sources, in order to rank real contributors.

With Talent:

- **Builders** get rewarded for shipping real apps
- **Ecosystems** can reach and reward top builders
- **Apps** can integrate verified reputation data with a single API call

## What Can You Build?

Check out [talent.app](https://talent.app) as the best example of using Talent data to showcase builder reputation.

Use our API to add reputation-based context and authentication to your app, like [Basenames](https://x.com/TalentProtocol/status/1825995151275434439) and [Etherscan](https://x.com/TalentProtocol/status/1830974248363622607). You can also build search and discovery features to find top builders, or create custom scoring systems using our data primitives.

## Quick Start

1. [Get your API Key](/docs/api-keys)
2. Explore our [API Reference](/docs/talent-api/api-reference)
3. Jump into specific guides:
   - [Authentication](/docs/talent-api/authentication)
   - [Builder Score](/docs/talent-api/api-reference/get-a-specific-score-using-wallet-scorer-slug-talent-id-or-account-identifier)
   - [Credentials](/docs/talent-api/api-reference/get-the-score-and-the-credentials-using-wallet-scorer-slug-talent-id-or-account-identifier)

## Core Concepts

Talent is built around the following core concepts to create a comprehensive reputation system:

- [**Profile**](/docs/protocol-concepts/profile): The unified representation of a builder's identity and reputation data. A Profile can represent either a verified User or an independent Account.
  - Users can have multiple connected Accounts feeding data into their Profile
  - Independent Accounts have their own Profile until claimed by a User
- [**User**](/docs/protocol-concepts/user): An individual who has signed up on one of our apps and verified their identity. Users can connect multiple Accounts.
- [**Account**](/docs/protocol-concepts/account): A connection to a third-party data source (wallet, GitHub, X, etc.) that provides reputation data.
- [**Data Point**](/docs/protocol-concepts/data-point): A specific verified fact about a builder (GitHub stars, wallet transactions, etc.).
- [**Events**](/docs/protocol-concepts/event): Historical records of reputation changes
- [**Score**](/docs/protocol-concepts/scoring-systems): A numerical measure of reputation calculated from Data Points using a specific Scoring System.

## Support

- Join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/talentprotocol) and [Farcaster](https://farcaster.xyz/~/channel/talent) for technical support
- Follow [@TalentProtocol](https://twitter.com/TalentProtocol) for updates

Ready to start building? Let's make great builders stand out together. 🫡

Commit message:

feat: update Builder Score to Builder Ranks across documentation
- Update main Builder Score page to Builder Ranks framework
- Change Builder Score Levels to Builder Rank Tiers with percentile-based system
- Update tier names to match new ranking system (Novice, Apprentice, etc.)
- Update API documentation to clarify /score endpoint returns ranking data
- Update all protocol concept pages (Profile, Account, User, Event)
- Update scoring systems index to reference Builder Ranks
- Update sidebar category label from 'Builder Score' to 'Builder Ranks'
- Maintain technical references to internal scoring while emphasizing user-facing ranks

This change reflects the transition from a score-based system to a more
intuitive rank-based system, making it easier for users to understand their
position relative to other builders in the ecosystem.

docs/get-started.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_position: 1
pagination_prev: null
slug: /
---

# Get Started

Talent helps builders get rewarded by making their reputation more visible.

We track builder activity across blockchains, GitHub, and other data sources, in order to rank real contributors.

With Talent:

- **Builders** get rewarded for shipping real apps
- **Ecosystems** can reach and reward top builders
- **Apps** can integrate verified reputation data with a single API call

## What Can You Build?

Check out [talent.app](https://talent.app) as the best example of using Talent data to showcase builder reputation.

Use our API to add reputation-based context and authentication to your app, like [Basenames](https://x.com/TalentProtocol/status/1825995151275434439) and [Etherscan](https://x.com/TalentProtocol/status/1830974248363622607). You can also build search and discovery features to find top builders, or create custom scoring systems using our data primitives.

## Quick Start

1. [Get your API Key](/docs/api-keys)
2. Explore our [API Reference](/docs/talent-api/api-reference)
3. Jump into specific guides:
   - [Authentication](/docs/talent-api/authentication)
   - [Builder Ranks](/docs/talent-api/api-reference/get-a-specific-score-using-wallet-scorer-slug-talent-id-or-account-identifier)
   - [Credentials](/docs/talent-api/api-reference/get-the-score-and-the-credentials-using-wallet-scorer-slug-talent-id-or-account-identifier)

## Core Concepts

Talent is built around the following core concepts to create a comprehensive reputation system:

- [**Profile**](/docs/protocol-concepts/profile): The unified representation of a builder's identity and reputation data. A Profile can represent either a verified User or an independent Account.
  - Users can have multiple connected Accounts feeding data into their Profile
  - Independent Accounts have their own Profile until claimed by a User
- [**User**](/docs/protocol-concepts/user): An individual who has signed up on one of our apps and verified their identity. Users can connect multiple Accounts.
- [**Account**](/docs/protocol-concepts/account): A connection to a third-party data source (wallet, GitHub, X, etc.) that provides reputation data.
- [**Data Point**](/docs/protocol-concepts/data-point): A specific verified fact about a builder (GitHub stars, wallet transactions, etc.).
- [**Events**](/docs/protocol-concepts/event): Historical records of reputation changes
- [**Ranking Systems**](/docs/protocol-concepts/scoring-systems): A ranking system that evaluates reputation based on Data Points. Builder Ranks are our primary ranking system for identifying top builders.

## Support

- Join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/talentprotocol) and [Farcaster](https://farcaster.xyz/~/channel/talent) for technical support
- Follow [@TalentProtocol](https://twitter.com/TalentProtocol) for updates

Ready to start building? Let's make great builders stand out together. 🫡
